Update CHANGELOG for App Service library split (#36669)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/appservice/arm-appservice/CHANGELOG.md

# Release History

## 18.0.0 (2025-11-18)

> The App Service has been split into three different services: App Service, Domain Registration, Certificate Registration. Domain Registration related APIs can be found in the @azure/arm-domainregistration package, Certificate Registration related APIs can be found in the @azure/arm-certificateregistration package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The App Service has been divided into three separate services: App Service, Domain Registration, and Certificate Registration. APIs for Domain Registration are available in the @azure/arm-domainregistration package, and APIs for Certificate Registration are provided in the @azure/arm-certificateregistration package.
```
